Hey no no no
What about this Li Rongfa?
Has been in Gangnam Road for 20 years
He made countless connections
And so much deep pockets, right?
So I don't think it's easy to deal with
I happen to have a handle on them
Shopkeeper Lin, don't worry about this.
But this Li Rongfa is indeed ruthless
Maybe he'll do something out of the ordinary.
Ah yes, two little ones
How about you these days? Contact Kowloon more.
More people, go and take care of them
Let those people take care of the house a lot, don't worry.
Shopkeeper, I have everything arranged
Come to Boss Fan
Hey, why is Li Rongfa's restaurant closed?
Business is not good.
It's yours, don't force me to hit you.
Where is President Li?
Ask him to come out
Why don't we talk about the restaurant acquisition together?
Don't think you have united Fan Yang
Can move to the house
Will be bringing back new ingredient suppliers soon
Are you just waiting to cry?
Then please go back
Let me tell you Li Huicheng
He has occupied this Jiangnan Road for so many years
There are always people who don't like him